[{"ID":1627,"title":"Tony Kim","content":"<p>Instead of searching for inspiration, how about you search out someone to inspire.<\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/tony-kim\/"},{"ID":831,"title":"Craig Frazier","content":"<p>For me, discomfort is a signal of an exceptional concept. When I&#8217;m totally comfortable with a concept, I&#8217;ve probably used it fore or seen it somewhere else. Discomfort is almost a prerequisite for a great idea.  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/craig-frazier\/"},{"ID":780,"title":"Milton Glaser","content":"<p>I have always railed against ideological purity, or any other kind. Corruption is more interesting than purity.  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/milton-glaser-4\/"},{"ID":497,"title":"John Mason Brown","content":"<p>The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose.  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/john-mason-brown\/"},{"ID":1385,"title":"Gombrowicz","content":"<p>Stop being afraid of your own pictures, stop worshiping art, treat it the Polish way, condescendingly, make it obedient, and then your originality will release itself in you, new roads will open in front of you and you will gain what is most valuable, most fertile: your own reality.  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/gombrowicz\/","custom_meta":{"Source":"<a href=\"http:\/\/www.abinarylife.com\/2010\/04\/gombrowicz\/\">website<\/a>"}},{"ID":1622,"title":"Stephen Anderson","content":"<p>At this point in experience design&#8217;s evolution, satisfaction ought to be the norm, and delight out to be the goal.<\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/stephen-anderson\/"},{"ID":319,"title":"Paula Scher","content":"<p>It took me a few seconds to draw it, but it took me 34 years to learn how to draw it in a few seconds.  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/paula-scher\/","custom_meta":{"Source":"<a href=\"http:\/\/www.slideshare.net\/carsonified\/ryan-sims-d-keith-robinson\">presentation<\/a>"}},{"ID":2450,"title":"Paula Scher","content":"<p>Less is more and more is more. It\u2019s the middle that\u2019s not a good place.<\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/paula-scher-4\/"},{"ID":1390,"title":"Hugh Macleod","content":"<p>Nobody can tell you if what you&#8217;re doing is good, meaningful or worthwhile. The more compelling the path, the more lonely it is.  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/hugh-macleod\/"},{"ID":267,"title":"Bill Cahan","content":"<p>Clients have no trouble paying $5,800 for an hour in a Gulfstream corporate jet or $425 for a month of parking. But God forbid they spend $3 per on a glossy annual report.  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/bill-cahan\/","custom_meta":{"Source":"<a href=\"http:\/\/www.amazon.com\/gp\/product\/159253127X?ie=UTF8&tag=css-tricks-20&linkCode=as2&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=159253127X\">book<\/a>"}},{"ID":127,"title":"Chris Pullman","content":"<p>Design is not the narrow application of formal skills, it is a way of thinking.  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/chris-pullman\/","custom_meta":{"Source":"<a href=\"http:\/\/www.designobserver.com\/archives\/entry.html?id=38855\">Article<\/a>"}},{"ID":352,"title":"Von R. Glitschka","content":"<p>The client may be king, but he&#8217;s not the art director.  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/von-r-glitschka\/"},{"ID":1089,"title":"Tom Watson","content":"<p>It&#8217;s quicker to hate on a design picking out all the little things that should have done than to just do something great yourself.  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/tom-watson\/"},{"ID":921,"title":"Bryan Tamayo","content":"<p>In the design process, my gut instinct is my best critic. I just wish I would always listen to it!  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/bryan-tamayo\/"},{"ID":2226,"title":"Steven Brust","content":"<p>Don\u2019t explain why it works; explain how you use it.<\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/steven-brust\/"},{"ID":1934,"title":"Andy Clarke","content":"<p>Web design is responsive design. Responsive web design is web design, done right.<\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/andy-clarke-2\/"},{"ID":434,"title":"David Ogilvy","content":"<p>In most agencies, account executives outnumber the copywriters two to one. If you were a dairy farmer, would you employ twice as many milkers as you had cows?  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/david-ogilvy-2\/","custom_meta":{"Source":"<a href=\"http:\/\/37signals.com\/09.html\">website<\/a>"}},{"ID":141,"title":"Jakob Nielsen","content":"<p>Consistency is one of the most powerful usability principles: when things always behave the same, users don&#8217;t have to worry about what will happen. Instead, they know what will happen based on earlier experience.  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/jakob-nielsen\/","custom_meta":{"Source":"<a href=\"http:\/\/www.useit.com\/alertbox\/9605.html\">article<\/a>"}},{"ID":972,"title":"Plato","content":"<p>We should pursue and practice moderation.  <\/p>\n","link":"https:\/\/quotesondesign.com\/plato\/"}]